hi this is presto occur and today I'm
going to explain a math trick of how you
can multiply numbers just by drawing
lines let's say you want to multiply 12
by 13
for this one we'll draw one line and for
the two we'll leave a little bit of
space and we'll draw two lines for the
other number we'll draw lines in the
other direction
now we'll group together different lines
and we'll count the dots here we have
six different dots in the middle we have
five different dots and on the other
side we have one dot and that's the
answer
156 we'll do another example for 15 by
21 we start out by drawing one line then
we'll leave a little bit of space and
draw five lines and the other number we
draw lines in the other direction so we
draw two lines here and one line here we
will again group the different lines
here we have five dots in the middle we
have eleven dots and the other end we
have two dots we'll need to make one
adjustment because we have eleven we'll
need to carry this one over which will
make three and our answer is 315 we can
even do this for bigger numbers 123 we
start out with one line then with some
space two lines with some more space
three lines and we draw the other lines
for the other number in the other
direction
we again group the lines we have three
dots here eight dots here 14 8 and 3
once again we're going to have to carry
this one over so that's our answer
it'll be 39,000 483 you can even use
this trick when a number includes zero
but one thing it when you draw this line
you should still keep draw the line but
put it in a different color or a
different marking and the trick will be
that we don't count any of the dots for
that line so when we make the grouping
we have three dots here for the second
arrangement
we're only going to count the dots for
the nonzero lines so we have six dots
here we don't count the any of the
intersections for the zero line in the
middle we again ignore the zero line
which makes seven here we have two dots
and two dots here so you can even use
this method when you have a number that
includes zero the method the reason it
works you can even use it for algebraic
equations let's say you have X plus 2y
times X plus 3y we'll draw one line for
the X and we'll draw two lines for the
2y and we'll keep it in blue we'll put
all the X's in black and the Y's in blue
the other number we draw the lines in
the other direction and again we make
groupings so here we have six dots and
because both of the lines are blue that
means it's y squared in the middle we
have five dots and these are the
intersections of a black and blue line
which means it will be an X
and why on the end we just have one dot
and that's for two black lines so it's x
squared so that's the answer I hope you
enjoyed this trick please subscribe to
my channel I make videos on math and
game theory you can follow me on twitter
at pressure locker and get my ebooks at
Amazon